what's going on guys team art here and
stay is an absolutely huge day for news
about the next call of the game so they
have officially started teasing the next
game within black ops 2 yeah this is
pretty crazy we've never seen anything
like this before it's pretty exciting
everybody aboard the hype train so
anyway before we get started big shots
to drifter he's actually the first
person that I know up to find this so
I'll link his chump out in the
description but to basically just
recently black ops 2 had a little update
and within the update they've added in
little images around on some of the
different posters on some of the maps
you can see right here it's this little
you know kind of like graphic here which
I think most you guys know is snapchat
that's how you add people on snapchat so
you guys can see that when you put your
phone up to this image and you tap your
screen on it it's gonna say you've added
call of duty now these are located in
quite a few different spots here's
another one here on Express and you guys
will see when I try to add this one it's
the same account it's the same thing as
just gonna say call duties are to your
friend so it's just it's getting
everybody to add call duty on snapchat
so if you guys want to add them
yourselves
I'll put an image on screen right here
so if you have your phone if you have
snapchat just get up there point it to
the screen tap your screen it's gonna
add them and at some time I'm assuming
within the next couple of days or next
week or so or something like that
there's gonna be some sort of big you
know teaser reveal type thing on
snapchat which is kind of exciting it
and then also while you guys are at it
if you guys want to this is my snapchat
ghost right here so guys gonna add me on
snapchat and see pictures of Cooper and
stuff like that you guys can add me as
well but some yeah so this is pretty
huge guys like this is the official
start of everything like we already put
up a video earlier today talking about
an Amazon posting that was talking about
a black ops 1 and 2 combo packs guys
missed that make sure you click the
annotation on screen or the link down
the description I know obviously that's
the stuff kind of stuff is unconfirmed
like it's not coming directly from the
source but this is something that
Treyarch actually put into the game
themselves and this is coming straight
from the the source here which is pretty
exciting so are ya keep an eye on your
snapchats over the next few days I'm
assuming there's gonna be something
coming pretty soon this is all very
exciting guys we are just a couple of
weeks away from the official reveal of
this game which means that said that
leaks in
little hints and stuff should start
popping up all over the place it's a
really fun time of the year
hope you guys enjoyed the video thank
you guys so much for watching and I will
catch you guys later
make sure guys check out this video I
put up earlier type you guys didn't see
yet and thanks watch guys peace out
[Music]